Welcome my friend to today's
lecture on voice change.
Ever felt like your
brain needed a power up?
This is it.
Concept, explanation, voice in
English, grammar, my friend, is
all about the form of a verb.
It tells us whether the subject of
the sentence is the one performing the
action, which we call the active voice,
or if the subject is just receiving the
action, which we call the passive voice.
Understanding this is absolutely
crucial for building better
sentences in the active voice.
The structure is simple subject,
then the verb, then the object.
For example, she writes a letter.
Here she is the superstar performing
the action of rights, but in the
passive voice, the poor subject just
sits back and receives the action.
The structure flips, the object comes
first, followed by a helping verb,
the past participant of the main verb,
and then by the original subject.
So our example becomes a
letter is written by her.
See a letter is now the subject
and it's receiving the action.
The main idea of voice change is to flip
a sentence from active to passive or back
again without losing its original meaning.
It's all about changing the focus.
Real world relevance.
Now you ask why bother with all this?
Well, understanding voice change is a
real power move for any professional.
It helps you to communicate with
incredible clarity and precision in all
those official documents and reports.
It allows you to emphasize the
action or the result rather than the.
Person who did it, which is
often exactly what you need.
Informal communication to sound
really official and on top of things,
breakdown of question types in
the English section of your exam.
Questions on voice change are basically
testing your conversion skills.
Looking at past patterns, we can see a.
Clear trend.
The most common type making
up a huge 60% of questions is
active to passive conversion.
You'll get an active sentence and have
to pick the correct passive version.
The second most comment is the reverse.
Passive to active conversion, which
appears about 30% of the time, and for
the last 10%, you might get a simple
question asking you to just identify
if a sentence is active or passive.
Form your and tricks.
Here are the.
Key formulas, the secret recipe for
voice change, focusing on active to
passive since it's the most common.
First, the general rule is that the
subject of the active sentence and the
object of the passive sentence swap
places, they completely trade roles.
The work form is next,
and this is a golden rule.
Always use the past participant or
V three form of the main verb in
the passive voice, no exceptions.
To help our V three verb, we need an
auxiliary verb, one of the to be family
members, like AM is R was were B being.
Or Bean.
This little word comes
right before the V three.
The subject of the active voice becomes
the agent in the passive voice, usually
introduced by the word by as in by him.
But if the agent is unknown or
unimportant, you can just omit it.
Most importantly, in short tense
consistency, the tense of the
sentence must stay the same.
No time travel is allowed here.
Lastly for sentences with modal verbs,
like can good or will, the structure
is a simple formula, modal verb plus
B plus V three, methods of solving.
Let's walk through the
step-by-step methods.
For Method one, active to
passive transformation.
First, you identify the
subject, verb and object.
Then you swap them.
Make the active object,
the new passive subject.
After that, use the correct
to be verb that matches the
tense and your new subject.
Next, change the main verb into its
past participant, the V three form.
Finally.
Add by before the original
subject, which is now the agent.
If the agent is general like
people or someone, you can often
leave it out for method two,
passive to active transformation.
You work backwards, identify the
subject, the two B verb, the V
three, and the agent, which is.
Part with buy now, swap them back,
make the agent the new subject.
If there's no agent mentioned, you can
use a general subject like someone, then
change the V three back to its original
verb form, making sure that tense
matches what the two B verb indicated.
Lastly, make the passive subject the
new object of your active sentence.
And for method three,
handling modal invoice.
Change.
It's quite straightforward.
Identify the modal verb to
go from active to passive.
Make the object the new subject.
Keep the modal verb, but
add B right after it.
Then use the V three of the main verb
and add by and the original subject.
Shortcuts and smart techniques
want some smart techniques to
solve these questions faster.
First, focus on the verb.
This is the quickest way
to eliminate wrong options.
Passive voice always, always uses
a form of two b plus a V three.
If an option doesn't have
this combo, it's wrong.
Second, check the tense.
Make sure the tense
hasn't magically changed.
If the active sentence isn't
present continuous, the passive
must be two like is being done.
Third, do a quick subject object
swap check to see if the roles
have been reversed correctly.
Fourth, eliminate obvious errors.
Any options that twist the meaning
and random new information or have bad
grammar can be thrown out immediately.
And finally, identify the by agent.
If the ACT sentence has a clear subject,
look for the bi phrase in the options.
If the subject is vague, like
someone, the correct passive
option might cleverly omit.
The by phrase altogether, common
mistakes and misconceptions.
Let's discuss some common traps.
A very frequent mistake
is changing the tense.
I'll say it again.
The tenses must remain the same.
Another is using the incorrect to
be form, like mixing up is and was.
It's a small word with big consequences.
Also, people sometimes use an
incorrect past participant, so make
sure you know your V three forms.
Omitting by when necessary
is another issue.
While you can drop it for
general agents, it must be there
for a specific important one.
And finally, a big misconception
involves int transitive verbs.
These are verbs that don't take
an object, therefore they cannot
be changed into the passive voice.
A sentence like he sleeps cannot be made
passive because sleeps is an intrans verb.
What edge framework?
Summary.
So let's do a quick recap.
What is voice change?
It's the transformation of a
sentences verb to show if the subject
performs or receives the action.
Why is it important?
It helps vary sentence structure and
is key for formality in communication.
When do we apply it?
When shifting focus from the
doer to the action itself,
or to avoid naming the doer.
Where is it used?
Informal writing reports and all
kinds of general communication.
Who benefits from it?
Anyone writing or speaking
English, especially in
professional or academic contexts.
And how do we do it?
By changing the verb to A two B
plus past participant form and
swapping subject and object positions
all while maintaining the tens.
Fully worked out.
Examples, here are three examples
to make everything crystal clear.
Example, one, active to passive.
Simple present question.
The carpenter makes furniture options
a. A furniture is made by the carpenter.
B furniture was made by the carpenter
C. The carpenter is making furniture.
D furniture has been
made by the carpenter.
Understand the question
before moving to explanation.
Solution First, identify the parts.
Subject is the carpenter.
Verb is makes simple, present,
and object is furniture.
We swap them so furniture
becomes the new subject.
Since the tents is simple, present
and furniture is singular, we use.
Two B verb is the V
three of makes is made.
We add by the carpenter, putting
it all together, furniture
is made by the carpenter.
So the correct option is a
example, two active to passive,
present, continuous question.
They are building a new bridge.
Options A, a new bridge is built by them.
B, a new bridge is being built by them.
C, a new bridge was being built by them.
D. A new bridge has been
built by the passive.
Understand the question before.
Moving to explanation solution here.
Subject is they, verb is are
building, present, continuous.
And object is a new bridge.
A new bridge becomes the new
subject for continuous tenses.
In passive we use being.
Since it's present continuous and
the new subject is singular, the verb
form becomes is being the V three
of building is built at by them.
This gives us a new bridge,
is being built by them.
The correct option is B. Example,
three, passive to active.
Simple past question.
The ball was hit by the boy.
Options.
A, the ball hit the boy.
B, the ball was hitting the boy.
C. The ball has hit the boy.
D the ball hit the boy.
Understand the question before
moving to explanation solution.
Let's break down the passive sentence.
The passive subject is the ball to
be verb is was V three is hit and
the agent is by the boy to make it
active, the agent, the boy becomes
the new subject, the passive subject.
The ball becomes the new object.
The verb was hit.
Tells us the tense is simple
past the active verb for hit
in the simple past is just hit.
So we get the boy hit the ball.
The correct option is a. Thank you.
See you in the next lecture.